Fixes #38335 - Document Ansible Diff Mode template option (#3758)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-job-template.adoc

ifdef::satellite[]
For more information on Ansible check mode, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/latest/html-single/using_automation_execution/index[Using automation execution] in _Red{nbsp}Hat Ansible Automation Platform documentation_.
endif::[]

> .. Select *Enable Ansible Diff Mode* to run jobs based on the template in Ansible diff mode, which reports detailed changes Ansible tasks make _if_ the underlying Ansible modules supports Ansible diff mode. If a module does not support Ansible diff mode, then the task will only report that a change occurred and nothing else. When used in conjunction with Ansible check mode, the Ansible playbook tasks report changes they _would_ have made to the host, and no changes are made to the host. Please note that if a task is used to deploy credentials and the task supports Ansible diff mode, then changes to the credentials _may_ be reported in clear text. This can be mitigated by adding `diff: false` or `no_log: true` to the task in question which will prevent change reports for that task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Select *Enable Ansible Diff Mode* to run jobs based on the template in Ansible diff mode, which reports detailed changes Ansible tasks make _if_ the underlying Ansible modules supports Ansible diff mode.
If a module does not support Ansible diff mode, then the task will only report that a change occurred and nothing else.
When used in conjunction with Ansible check mode, the Ansible playbook tasks report changes they _would_ have made to the host, and no changes are made to the host.
Note that if a task is used to deploy credentials and the task supports Ansible diff mode, then changes to the credentials _may_ be reported in plain text.
This can be mitigated by adding `diff: false` or `no_log: true` to the task in question which will prevent change reports for that task.
```

Please conform to one sentence per line. I have also applied "plain" in favor of "clear" and dropped "please". I am currently unsure about the italic emphasis on certain words. To me, it strikes odd compared to most other modules.

Author: @maximiliankolb I noticed the "plain" vs "clear" text lint error, but "clear-text" is used more commonly when describing the transmission of unencrypted credentials which is what the line in the document is referring to.  Isn't "plain-text" more of a way of describing un-formatted text and wouldn't apply here?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Select *Enable Ansible Diff Mode* to run jobs based on the template in Ansible diff mode. 
This mode reports detailed changes that Ansible tasks make if the underlying Ansible module supports Ansible diff mode.
If a module does not support Ansible diff mode, the task only reports that a change occurred without providing details.
When used with Ansible check mode, Ansible playbook tasks report the changes they would make to the host, but no actual changes occur.
If a task deploys credentials and supports Ansible diff mode, the changes to the credentials may be reported in plain text. 
To prevent change reports for a task, add `diff: false` or `no_log: true` to the task.
```

Reviewer 2: Took Maximilian's suggestion and eliminated the italics and passive voice where applicable.

Reviewer: > "clear-text" is used more commonly when describing the transmission of unencrypted credentials

You make a good point! I am OK either way. Your call unless other maintainers voice a strong preference.
